Well let's discuss the other operators
that we haven't discussed so far.
With the exception of the conditional operator
that is also called the ternary operator,
the rest of these are binary.
And I've grouped them by the type of operation
they actually perform here in this table,
and I also listed by their precedence level.
So looking at this list,
multiplicative operators have a higher precedence
than the additive operators, and so on.
Note that all the unary operators
have a higher precedence than these binary ones.
So looking at this list, then, and incidentally,
this slide and all slides for this course
are available for download.
So check out the very last video, the bonus video.
Watch that, 'cause it gives you details
of how to download these slides.
Can be a good thing to like grab those slides to save
if you're having to pause videos and try and combat
resolution issues and so forth.
So grab those if you need to.
But multiplicative operators are the multiplication,
division, and modulus operators.
The precedence is equal among them, group left to right.
You've got additive operators, addition and subtraction.
Precedence also equal among them, group left to right.
We've got shift operators, left shift,
the signed right shift, and unsigned right shift.
The left-hand operand of a shift operator
is the value to be shifted.
The right-hand operand specifies the shift distance.
Precedence also equal among them, group by left to right.
We've got relational operators.
Less than, less than or equal, greater than,
greater than or equals, and InstanceOf.
Precedence is also equal among them, group left to right.
We've got equality operators,
the equals and not equals there.
Bitwise and logical operators.
That's the AND, Exclusive OR, or OR.
And these operators have different precedence
with the AND having the highest precedence
and OR the lowest.
Bitwise operators are not on the exam,
but logical operators are.
Conditional AND operator.
The conditional AND operator is very much
like the regular logical operator,
but it evaluates its right-hand operand
only if the value of its left-hand operand is true.
And same deal there for the conditional OR operator.
Similar to the logical OR operator
but evaluates its right-hand operand
only if the value of its left-hand operand
is false, in this case.
We've got the conditional operator,
as I mentioned, which isn't binary.
And it's got three operands.
Then just our regular assignment operators, as well.
So they group right to left.
So that's a equals b equals c means that a equals
parentheses b equals c, which assigns the value of c to b
and then assigns the value of b to a.
And then we've got lambda operators,
which you won't get asked about in this exam.
Well so I need to make a quick few points
about numeric promotion.
For a unary operator that's not the pre or post
decrement or increment operator,
if the type of the operand is smaller than an int,
the operand will automatically be promoted to an int.
For a binary operator, both operands are promoted
to an int if they are smaller than an int,
but if any of the operands are larger than an int,
then it's promoted to the larger type.
But note that this is not true for the compound
assignment operators.
So what this means is that any operations
on numeric values will never result in a value
that's smaller than an int.
All right, so let's finish the video here.
And in the next one, we'll start getting into some code
and reviewing some of these binary operators.
See you in the next video.